add wormhole-sdk custom routes section (#146)
wormhole-foundation/wormhole-docs: build/applications/wormhole-sdk.md

See the `router.ts` example in the [examples directory](https://github.com/wormhole-foundation/wormhole-sdk-ts/tree/main/examples){target=\_blank} for a full working example.

### Routes as Plugins

> Routes can be imported from any npm package that exports them and configured with the resolver. Custom routes must extend [Route](https://github.com/wormhole-foundation/wormhole-sdk-ts/blob/0c57292368146c460abc9ce9e7f6a42be8e0b903/connect/src/routes/route.ts#L21-L64) and implement [StaticRouteMethods](https://github.com/wormhole-foundation/wormhole-sdk-ts/blob/0c57292368146c460abc9ce9e7f6a42be8e0b903/connect/src/routes/route.ts#L101).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Routes can be imported from any npm package that exports them and configured with the resolver. Custom routes must extend [`Route`](https://github.com/wormhole-foundation/wormhole-sdk-ts/blob/0c57292368146c460abc9ce9e7f6a42be8e0b903/connect/src/routes/route.ts#L21-L64){target=\_blank} and implement [`StaticRouteMethods`](https://github.com/wormhole-foundation/wormhole-sdk-ts/blob/0c57292368146c460abc9ce9e7f6a42be8e0b903/connect/src/routes/route.ts#L101){target=\_blank}.
```

```ts
--8 <--"code/build/applications/wormhole-sdk/custom-route.ts";
```

> A noteworthy example of a route exported from a separate npm package is Wormhole Native Token Transfers (NTT). See the `NttAutomaticRoute` implementation [here](https://github.com/wormhole-foundation/native-token-transfers/blob/66f8e414223a77f5c736541db0a7a85396cab71c/sdk/route/src/automatic.ts#L48).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A noteworthy example of a route exported from a separate npm package is Wormhole Native Token Transfers (NTT). See the [`NttAutomaticRoute` implementation](https://github.com/wormhole-foundation/native-token-transfers/blob/66f8e414223a77f5c736541db0a7a85396cab71c/sdk/route/src/automatic.ts#L48){target=\_blank}.
```
